Repository sync role (#2)
inderpaltiwana/ah_configuration: roles/repository_sync/README.md

# redhat_cop.ah_configuration.repository_sync
## Description
An Ansible Role to sync Repositories in Automation Hub.

## Variables
|Variable Name|Default Value|Required|Description|Example|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|`name`|""|yes| Repository name. Probably one of community or rh-certified.||
|`wait`|""|false|Wait for the repository to finish syncing before returning.||
|`interval`|"1"|no|The interval to request an update from Automation Hub.||
|`timeout`|""|no|If waiting for the project to update this will abort after this amount of seconds.||

### Secure Logging Variables
The following Variables compliment each other.
If Both variables are not set, secure logging defaults to false.
The role defaults to False as normally the add repository task does not include sensitive information.
ah_configuration_repository_secure_logging defaults to the value of ah_configuration_secure_logging if it is not explicitly called. This allows for secure logging to be toggled for the entire suite of automation hub configuration roles with a single variable, or for the user to selectively use it.

|Variable Name|Default Value|Required|Description|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|

> |`ah_configuration_repository_secure_logging`|`False`|no|Whether or not to include the sensitive Namepsace role tasks in the log.  Set this value to `True` if you will be providing your sensitive values from elsewhere.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ah_configuration_repository_secure_logging`|`False`|no|Whether or not to include the sensitive Repository roles tasks in the log.  Set this value to `True` if you will be providing your sensitive values from elsewhere.|
```
